feat(changelog): iam-added-iam-audit-logs 2023-11-27 (#2453)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/november2023/2023-11-27-iam-added-iam-audit-logs.mdx

---
title: IAM audit logs
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #iam channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com/T7YEXCR7X/C03MAKT2QBD'
date: 2023-11-27
category: security-identity
product: iam
---

> Audit logs about <b>IAM resources (Applications, Users, API keys, Groups, Policies)</b> are now available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Audit logs about **IAM resources such as applications, users, API keys, groups and policies** are now available. 
```

> You can check who created, updated or deleted an IAM resource in the <b>dedicated Logs tab on Console, or using the Scaleway CLI </b>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check who created, updated or deleted an IAM resource in the **dedicated Logs tab on Console, or using the Scaleway CLI**.
```

> For more information, refer to the IAM logs documentation (LIEN A AJOUTER ICI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to the [IAM logs documentation](edit this and add link here).
```
